README.md, before:

# Axinom DASH test vectors

This document lists the test vectors that Axinom offers for customers, partners and the general public.

# Usage of Axinom DRM

All test vectors can be played back using both the PlayReady and Widevine DRM technologies for decryption.

PlayReady license server URL: http://drm-playready-licensing.axtest.net/AcquireLicense

Widevine license server URL: http://drm-widevine-licensing.axtest.net/AcquireLicense

To receive a license, you must add the HTTP header `X-AxDRM-Message` to the license request, with the value being a constant unique to each test vector (provided below). The license server will provide nonpersistent licenses for the relevant keys upon each license request.

# HTTPS compatibility notice

All URLs in this document are also accessible over HTTPS.

# v6-MultiDRM

A single-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted using the same key.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM.7z)

Adaptation set | Parameters
:--------------|:----------
Video          | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio          | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text           | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 6e5a1d26-2757-47d7-8046-eaa5d1d34b5a | GX8m9XLIZNIzizrl0RTqnA==
Audio (all)    | 6e5a1d26-2757-47d7-8046-eaa5d1d34b5a | GX8m9XLIZNIzizrl0RTqnA==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiNmU1YTFkMjYtMjc1Ny00N2Q3LTgwNDYtZWFhNWQx
ZDM0YjVhIn1dfX0.yF7PflOPv9qHnu3ZWJNZ12jgkqTabmwXbDWk_47tLNE
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey

A single-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted, using a different key for every adaptation set.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey.7z)

Content type | Parameters
-------------|-----------
Video        | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio        | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text         | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 1530d3a0-6904-446a-91a1-33a115aa8c41 | ubafkhpLoQF0nyvzzouLpg==
Audio (en)     | c83eb639-e664-43f8-ae98-4039b0c13b2d | f5p7XvhuXKve9gx/v2pUsg==
Audio (en-AU)  | 3d8cc762-27ac-400f-989f-8ab5dc7d7775 | cRc6/royDmsPA3zKGkQ81w==
Audio (en-ET)  | bd8dad58-032d-4c25-89fa-c7b710e82ac2 | gDfgWVfz6O0Kq0+ZAV1miw==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiMTUzMGQzYTAtNjkwNC00NDZhLTkxYTEtMzNhMTE1
YWE4YzQxIn0seyJpZCI6ImM4M2ViNjM5LWU2NjQtNDNmOC1hZTk4LTQwMzliMGMxM2IyZCJ9LHsiaWQ
iOiIzZDhjYzc2Mi0yN2FjLTQwMGYtOTg5Zi04YWI1ZGM3ZDc3NzUifSx7ImlkIjoiYmQ4ZGFkNTgtMD
MyZC00YzI1LTg5ZmEtYzdiNzEwZTgyYWMyIn1dfX0.9t18lFmZFVHMzpoZxYDyqOS0Bk_evGhTBw_F2
JnAK2k
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod

A multi-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted, using a different key for every adaptation set and changing the encryption parameters for the different periods.

The two periods are simply the same audiovisual content presented twice in succession while varying some of the encryption parameters between the periods.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod.7z)

Content type | Parameters
-------------|-----------
Video        | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio        | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text         | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

## Period 1

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 53be7757-7288-4b6b-b20a-f05b64a4ef79 | /34ZeGgb0eDY4M7FD12vcg==
Audio (en)     | 0ed821a8-80ed-40ac-a804-927c9fdadbe9 | /6zlZEjHG0Ov698JfdL7aA==
Audio (en-AU)  | -                                    | -
Audio (en-ET)  | e47d78ca-94dc-45fb-9e3d-2a773aef74b2 | 3ZTeftObJfIHZeDvHAbarw==

## Period 2

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 32a141e9-23ab-44ff-a6c7-5349c89451cf | qtC6/ovJfAVxoQDFLh5knQ==
Audio (en)     | -                                    | -
Audio (en-AU)  | 8d091966-44b5-4cf8-8a45-ed12fdb18d35 | Da70PZt6XWYOdNDcJdqCBw==
Audio (en-ET)  | e47d78ca-94dc-45fb-9e3d-2a773aef74b2 | 3ZTeftObJfIHZeDvHAbarw==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiNTNiZTc3NTctNzI4OC00YjZiLWIyMGEtZjA1YjY0
YTRlZjc5In0seyJpZCI6IjBlZDgyMWE4LTgwZWQtNDBhYy1hODA0LTkyN2M5ZmRhZGJlOSJ9LHsiaWQ
iOiJlNDdkNzhjYS05NGRjLTQ1ZmItOWUzZC0yYTc3M2FlZjc0YjIifSx7ImlkIjoiMzJhMTQxZTktMj
NhYi00NGZmLWE2YzctNTM0OWM4OTQ1MWNmIn0seyJpZCI6IjhkMDkxOTY2LTQ0YjUtNGNmOC04YTQ1L
WVkMTJmZGIxOGQzNSJ9XX19.9YSK6QsDr4SYR7Q74ftq9mVtsT0ZkP3STE0zI-3mVIA
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-Clear

This is a clear (no encryption) variant of the v6-* presentations, to provide some comparison capability for diagnostics and debugging. The media data inside is equal to the variants that make use of DRM.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear.7z)

Adaptation set | Parameters
:--------------|:----------
Video          | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio          | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text           | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

# Credits

Original content "Tears of Steel" by Blender Foundation (mango.blender.org)

# Disclaimer

Axinom does not guarantee the continued availability of the test vectors or the license server nor the accuracy of any descriptive metadata.

Commit message:

Added multi-period clear manifest

README.md, after:

# Axinom DASH test vectors

This document lists the test vectors that Axinom offers for customers, partners and the general public.

# Usage of Axinom DRM

All test vectors can be played back using both the PlayReady and Widevine DRM technologies for decryption.

PlayReady license server URL: http://drm-playready-licensing.axtest.net/AcquireLicense

Widevine license server URL: http://drm-widevine-licensing.axtest.net/AcquireLicense

To receive a license, you must add the HTTP header `X-AxDRM-Message` to the license request, with the value being a constant unique to each test vector (provided below). The license server will provide nonpersistent licenses for the relevant keys upon each license request.

# HTTPS compatibility notice

All URLs in this document are also accessible over HTTPS.

# v6-MultiDRM

A single-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted using the same key.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM.7z)

Adaptation set | Parameters
:--------------|:----------
Video          | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio          | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text           | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 6e5a1d26-2757-47d7-8046-eaa5d1d34b5a | GX8m9XLIZNIzizrl0RTqnA==
Audio (all)    | 6e5a1d26-2757-47d7-8046-eaa5d1d34b5a | GX8m9XLIZNIzizrl0RTqnA==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiNmU1YTFkMjYtMjc1Ny00N2Q3LTgwNDYtZWFhNWQx
ZDM0YjVhIn1dfX0.yF7PflOPv9qHnu3ZWJNZ12jgkqTabmwXbDWk_47tLNE
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey

A single-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted, using a different key for every adaptation set.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey.7z)

Content type | Parameters
-------------|-----------
Video        | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio        | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text         | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 1530d3a0-6904-446a-91a1-33a115aa8c41 | ubafkhpLoQF0nyvzzouLpg==
Audio (en)     | c83eb639-e664-43f8-ae98-4039b0c13b2d | f5p7XvhuXKve9gx/v2pUsg==
Audio (en-AU)  | 3d8cc762-27ac-400f-989f-8ab5dc7d7775 | cRc6/royDmsPA3zKGkQ81w==
Audio (en-ET)  | bd8dad58-032d-4c25-89fa-c7b710e82ac2 | gDfgWVfz6O0Kq0+ZAV1miw==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiMTUzMGQzYTAtNjkwNC00NDZhLTkxYTEtMzNhMTE1
YWE4YzQxIn0seyJpZCI6ImM4M2ViNjM5LWU2NjQtNDNmOC1hZTk4LTQwMzliMGMxM2IyZCJ9LHsiaWQ
iOiIzZDhjYzc2Mi0yN2FjLTQwMGYtOTg5Zi04YWI1ZGM3ZDc3NzUifSx7ImlkIjoiYmQ4ZGFkNTgtMD
MyZC00YzI1LTg5ZmEtYzdiNzEwZTgyYWMyIn1dfX0.9t18lFmZFVHMzpoZxYDyqOS0Bk_evGhTBw_F2
JnAK2k
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod

A multi-period multi-DRM presentation with all video and audio representations encrypted, using a different key for every adaptation set and changing the encryption parameters for the different periods.

The two periods are simply the same audiovisual content presented twice in succession while varying some of the encryption parameters between the periods.

[4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod/Manifest.mpd)

[1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-MultiDRM-MultiKey-MultiPeriod.7z)

Content type | Parameters
-------------|-----------
Video        | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio        | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text         | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

The content is encrpted according to CENC and contains PlayReady and Widevine metadata in both the manifest and the initialization segments, with the metadata in both locations being equivalent.

## Period 1

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 53be7757-7288-4b6b-b20a-f05b64a4ef79 | /34ZeGgb0eDY4M7FD12vcg==
Audio (en)     | 0ed821a8-80ed-40ac-a804-927c9fdadbe9 | /6zlZEjHG0Ov698JfdL7aA==
Audio (en-AU)  | -                                    | -
Audio (en-ET)  | e47d78ca-94dc-45fb-9e3d-2a773aef74b2 | 3ZTeftObJfIHZeDvHAbarw==

## Period 2

Adaptation set | Key ID                               | Content key
:--------------|:-------------------------------------|:------------------------
Video          | 32a141e9-23ab-44ff-a6c7-5349c89451cf | qtC6/ovJfAVxoQDFLh5knQ==
Audio (en)     | -                                    | -
Audio (en-AU)  | 8d091966-44b5-4cf8-8a45-ed12fdb18d35 | Da70PZt6XWYOdNDcJdqCBw==
Audio (en-ET)  | e47d78ca-94dc-45fb-9e3d-2a773aef74b2 | 3ZTeftObJfIHZeDvHAbarw==

Value to use for X-AxDRM-Message header:

```
eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjoxLCJjb21fa2V5X2lkIjoiNjllNT
QwODgtZTllMC00NTMwLThjMWEtMWViNmRjZDBkMTRlIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6eyJ0eXBlIjoiZW50aXRsZ
W1lbnRfbWVzc2FnZSIsImtleXMiOlt7ImlkIjoiNTNiZTc3NTctNzI4OC00YjZiLWIyMGEtZjA1YjY0
YTRlZjc5In0seyJpZCI6IjBlZDgyMWE4LTgwZWQtNDBhYy1hODA0LTkyN2M5ZmRhZGJlOSJ9LHsiaWQ
iOiJlNDdkNzhjYS05NGRjLTQ1ZmItOWUzZC0yYTc3M2FlZjc0YjIifSx7ImlkIjoiMzJhMTQxZTktMj
NhYi00NGZmLWE2YzctNTM0OWM4OTQ1MWNmIn0seyJpZCI6IjhkMDkxOTY2LTQ0YjUtNGNmOC04YTQ1L
WVkMTJmZGIxOGQzNSJ9XX19.9YSK6QsDr4SYR7Q74ftq9mVtsT0ZkP3STE0zI-3mVIA
```

The above value has been broken down into multiple lines for readability - remove the line breaks in actual use.

# v6-Clear

This is a clear (no encryption) variant of the v6-MultiDRM-* presentations, to provide some comparison capability for diagnostics and debugging. The media data inside is equal to the variants that make use of DRM.

[Single-period 4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/Manifest.mpd)

[Single-period 1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Multi-period 4K manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/MultiPeriod_Manifest.mpd)

[Multi-period 1080p manifest](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear/MultiPeriod_Manifest_1080p.mpd)

[Download presentation](http://media.axprod.net/TestVectors/v6-Clear.7z)

Adaptation set | Parameters
:--------------|:----------
Video          | 7x H264, up to 4K resolution at 6 Mbps
Audio          | 3x AAC-LC at 128 kbps
Text           | 5x WebVTT (segmented)

# Credits

Original content "Tears of Steel" by Blender Foundation (mango.blender.org)

# Disclaimer

Axinom does not guarantee the continued availability of the test vectors or the license server nor the accuracy of any descriptive metadata.
